One of the most difficult parts of my education would have to be when
I try to balance my home life and my school life. The more you put at
school, the less you can do outside of school obviously. So if you
don't have that much time, then paying for school is very very difficult.
When I graduated from high school and I tried to do college at
the same time I was working, it was very very difficult so one of
them had to give and unfortunately I couldn't stay in school that whole
entire time. After that then I joined the military, I did my eight
years, and then I had a good scholarship to help me pay for the rest
of my education. I still had to work a little bit, but that was
more for my own personal benefit, I didn't need the money, but when
I needed the money and I had to work that was really difficult.